Revise deep learning (#49)
greenelab/knowledge-graph-review: content/04.network_applications.md

Other effots have built off of the TransE and TransH models [@raw:lintransR, @arxiv:1610.04073; @arxiv:1909.00672]. 
In the future, it may be beneficial for these models is to incorporate other types of information such as edge confidence scores, textual information, or edge type information when optimizing these vectors.

> #### Neural Network Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Neural Networks
```

> Neural Networks are a class of machine learning models inspired  by the concept of biological neural networks [@doi:10.1016/S0167-7012(00)00201-3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neural networks are a class of machine learning models inspired by the concept of biological neural networks [@doi:10.1016/S0167-7012(00)00201-3].
```

These networks are reputable for making non-linear transformations of high dimensional data to solve classification and regression problems [@doi:10.1016/S0167-7012(00)00201-3].

> In the context of knowledge graphs, the majority of these are techniques based on word2vec [@arxiv:1310.4546; @arxiv:1301.3781], which is a set of approaches that are widely used in the natural language processing field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of knowledge graphs, the most commonly used structures are based on word2vec [@arxiv:1310.4546; @arxiv:1301.3781].
The word2vec term applies to a set of conceptually related approaches that are widely used in the natural language processing field.
```

A limitation for deepwalk is that the random walk cannot be controlled, so every node has an equal chance to be reached.
Grover and Leskovec demonstrated that this limitation can hurt performance when classifying edges between nodes and developed node2vec as a result [@arxiv:1607.00653].
Node2vec operates in the same fashion as deepwalk; however, this algorithm specifies a parameter that lets the random walk be biased when traversing nodes [@arxiv:1607.00653].
A caveat to both deepwalk and node2vec is that they ignore information such as edge type and node type.
Various approaches have evolved to fix this limitation by incorporating  node, edge and even path types when representing knowledge graphs in a low dimensional space [@doi:10.1145/3097983.3098061; @doi:10.1145/3097983.3098036; @arxiv:1809.02269; @arxiv:1808.05611].
An emerging area of work is to develop approaches that capture both the local and global structure of a graph when constructing this low dimensional space.

> Instead of using the word2vec framework, some neural network approaches use an adjacency matrix as input [@arxiv:1310.4546; @arxiv:1301.3781].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though word2vec is the most common framework used to represent graphs, neural networks are sometimes designed to use the adjacency matrix as input [@arxiv:1310.4546; @arxiv:1301.3781].
```

These approaches use models called autoencoders [@doi:10.1109/DSAA.2018.00034; @arxiv:1611.07308; @arxiv:1802.04407].

> Autoencoders are designed to map input into a low dimensional space and learns how to construct this space by reconstruction of the same input [@doi:10.1016/j.neunet.2014.09.003; @raw:Baldi2011].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autoencoders are designed to map input into a low dimensional space and then back to a reconstruction of the same input [@doi:10.1016/j.neunet.2014.09.003; @raw:Baldi2011].
It is possible to layer on additional objectives by modifying the loss function to take into account criteria above and beyond reconstruction loss.
```

Reviewer: Up to you if you want that second sentence. It lets you note something that's probably important though maybe not in this domain. Could cite VAEs as an example (Autoencoding variational bayes is the paper title - someone must have done a VAE of a graph too).
